The tail-end of 2025 is upon us, joy of all that has come and is to come shines bright in my mind. A year of exploration together and alone. Living in the big yellow house on Fulton st. San Francisco provided me the best playground, biking, surfing, learning and working! 

<br>----- Living with the best, GAGE, Evan, Max and Kyle! Hosting countless parties for our friends, our family of diners. We made it happen.

<br>----- Hopping across the bay to Berkeley with whom I designed and presented my first poster to local legends in the field. I worked alongside a team of curious individuals who encouraged me at every step of the way. With them I carried out two projects and had my first publication into an article in 2025. 

<br>----- I went to the Philippines to celebrate my girlfriends birthday and explore a place I had rarely thought of before. We were off the grid, living as the locals do to some degree, biking and eating at little stands. Enjoying the sun and the blue waters of various islands. Taking on the rain... ----- For the 4th of July my friends and I hiked in 60 beers on ice several miles for our campout in POINT REYES. It felt more wild than I had ever experienced. The wildness of California is something I miss most while here in Paris. Elijah and I were the firemen, burning all we could to stay warm during the cold of the night. Fire goes out and we scurry back to our camp. ----- San Diego was home for short stints in the summer! Swamis with my parents reminded me that peace exists if (a) you are somewhat lucky and (b) if you take advantage of what's around you. ----- My parents, Madi and I drove to SLO first to see Jeremy! His couch and air-mattress were just what we needed, his town is perfect, but changing quite quick! ----- Yosemite was next of the list and camping with the parents plays differently, their experience shows. The drive was peaceful, the temperature nothing short of warm, and the crowds felt non-existent! While a wild Yosemite is something I enjoy reading about in The Mountains of California by Muir, the modernity of the facilities creates an almost playful experience for those who can get over the extremes of nature. I want to hike the hills sometime, with Willie would be good. ----- I surfed with Hunter, Beethoven and Madi several times in my minivan and went on writing retreats back to Point Reyes. The minivan in the bay was quite a classic moment in time. All dimensions covered! ----- I left the bay, bay through SLO to a new home of Jeremys and into BIG SUR. Peace in the sea breeze that brushes your face. Homeward bound to SAN DIEGO and not long before OAXACA (SALINA CRUZ) with Nate, Evan, Molga and Nolan. Dreamy beach days, right hand points and empty blue waters. Living on the ranch! ----- Final move of the year was PARIS for a masters degree in ai. Haha it makes me giggle that I can manage this, learn so much about a subject so exciting, meet so many people from around the globe. I love the idea of working in a dream vacation location, I feel so free to be myself here. Not so different from the Bay or San Diego, just some warmer clothes or stronger bones. I am staying kind and gracious as I hope to always be. -----My dad and I returned to Italy (SARDIGNA/ROME) and yet again, that was a dream. School starts, my Dad returns for his stop through and I show him the Paris I have discovered since being here for a week. Joy of the walking, joys of the sights. I introduced him to Idrissa over a nice dinner and we had so much fun. 3 Canard. ----- Before long, I was back to the beach to see Kyle and Lee. Morocco (TANGEER) a friendly place. ----- A Month more, I was itching for the beach and made my way to HOSSEGOR and scored. I found a epic hostel, some friends and some local insight into the waves. I saw people get those ones you dream about. I felt it! ----- School ramped up and I had to dodge away to Portugal (LISBOA) to spend my Birthday. I love that place more than most. I will be back. ----- To finish the year I will be going to the Alpes to celebrate Christmas with the Blachets, who have so warmly taken me in and offered a home for me. Then MADI returns to PARIS so we can celebrate New Years with Beethoven and Nathalie. 
2026 is not so far away, but we are going to roll on with the good energy.

<br>----- In the month of November 2025 I lost one of my best friends, for he could not face the struggle any longer. A struggle hidden to the outside world, he fought hard and shared so many moments with the lot of us. We are truly blessed to have him in our hearts, our memories and our lives. I want to send my gratitude to him for the selfless joy he provided to the world around him amidst the uncertainty and hardships he was facing. In any battle, there are some that win and some that lose, and I believe he won. You will be missed, you will live on with us in the many things we shared, in the guitar riffs, the waves watched and ridden and the oysters shucked and sucked. Much Love. 